[AK,MC] Revisit springer-media documentation to meet latest guidelines (#688)
springernature/frontend-toolkits: toolkits/springer/packages/springer-media/README.md

# Springer Media

[![NPM version][badge-npm]][info-npm]

> The Springer Media component is derived on the media object pattern we see all over the web. [Named by Nicole Sullivan](http://www.stubbornella.org/content/2010/06/25/the-media-object-saves-hundreds-of-lines-of-code/) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Springer Media component is derived from the media object pattern we see all over the web. [Named by Nicole Sullivan](http://www.stubbornella.org/content/2010/06/25/the-media-object-saves-hundreds-of-lines-of-code/) 
```

> it refers to a two-column box with an image on one side and descriptive text on the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. It describes a two-column box with an image on one side and descriptive content on the other.
```

It consists of:
- a **figure**(optional) that is or contains the media element
- a **body** that contains a heading(optional), often clickable, and some text

Note: Styles have also been included to add a play button for things like videos.

## When to use this component

Use the Springer Media component to display a text block accompanied by an illustration to be positioned at its sides or stacked.

## Installation

To use the Media component, enter the following command in your Terminal:

```
npm install @springernature/springer-media
```

> Import the installed component code in your `scss` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Import the Sass:
```

```scss
@import '@springernature/springer-media/scss/10-settings/media';
@import '@springernature/springer-media/scss/50-components/media';

@import '@springernature/brand-context/default/scss/60-utilities/hiding.scss';
```
## How it works
### Stacked

It is possible to have the figure and text shown as one column. In order to do that add 

> `c-media--stagged` to the element carrying the `c-media` class.

Reviewer: Should this be `c-media-stacked`?

Reviewer 2: Guess you're right

### Figure placement

The figure can be displayed on the left or the right of the text. 

To display it on the left, the element carrying the `c-media__figure` class should be positioned right before the element carrying 
the`c-media__body` class.

To display it on the right, the element carrying the `c-media__figure` class should be positioned right after the element carrying 
the`c-media__body` class.

When the component is stacked, left figure is shown above the text and right figure is shown below.

To display the **text only**, omit the element carrying the `c-media__figure` class.

### Play icon

The component provides an option to show a play icon (triangle) on the figure, which can be used to link to video material.

> In order to do that markup the figure as shown in the code snippet below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to do that, mark up the figure as shown in the code snippet below:
```
